whether it's converted their hydrogen
fuel-cell application from hydrogen is
electricity by the fuel cell stack is
associative system it requires advanced
battery technology and each one to e
plus vehicles this plugin this is a very
very important point
position themselves we believe
where equest vehicles would probably get
the operating fuel costs one two three
cents a mile for six at a specific ask
well 13 14 cents a mile is quite a
tremendous value proposition for our
customers as we discussed electricity
through my resources
I 40 minutes it's one of the most oft
asked questions anything probably
answered as well as I came in a 40 miles
delivers for most customers the
opportunity different role
the sizes of the battery
charge all these equations the packets
Olivia
all relative to the low
pleased to report in today our target is
still 40 miles of range and that's a
problem
the market some
what does the 40 melton course it is 40
months
it provides all the capability to
perform this functionality without any
sacrifices
it optimizes the grid electricity some
people will have to use electricity
electrical control electricity most
people will use exclusively the grid
in what it does is for you mr. briefly
balances the amount of cost mass
associated complexity that the vehicle
has to bear with what we think is a
satisfactory frankly exciting diving
experience
I spoke about this briefly it's very
capable you can compose
benefits
some of the metrics that we're still
tracking is feasibly a conventional
small car we're anticipating to the
reflex vehicle value 15,000 miles you
say before I
games
one vehicle that amount of savings and
associated with that is the elimination
of pretty significant
of importance here as part of our
process versus available in Asian
sailors of yourself is the discussion
around exactly is this the definition
you see in front of you is a different
definitions being used now as some of
our key government agencies as the
behind this vehicle establish standards
and in support to you to create
effective but it clearly defines the
vehicle tiling some of the key points
full performance electric vehicle energy
is available from a battery and
auxiliary can reach decline is only
engaged when the battery is key points
distinguishable hybrid similarly if you
look at the chart below he's categorized
through the
I became their vehicles than how our
particular accelerates unique different
and you can see literally on every
category even comparable plug-in hybrid
there are differences plug-in hybrids do
not offer full like a driver they do not
have a high onboard storage giving 60
Philadelphia and they do not have
electric motors very high we only ever
be able to be driven for 25 miles an
hour maybe an inch
program status maybe it's quite evident
this is a little bit more that a
resource across simple
progress is more specifics of life
we are doing development work is a leak
in the boat propulsion systems the
extended range even edible ink of the
application the high-volume application
on the presence of that vehicle that
means developers have enabled the
possibility to keep fuel cell on our our
work bloomed list if you will and we see
a promise of future at some time in the
future we have enough
we've assembled in order to make this a
reality
at least 150 some full-time technical
interior
number of other functions and our people
and analysis work portion support the
program we recently transitioned or
remove yourself engineers and
specialists from our environment to a
production-oriented throw
poetry
very center so those are clear signs
dead serious flesh keep engaged and
working towards our noble goal of
delivering but for the vehicles can
provide additional free with gas and as
indicated in previous communicates many
separate designers the place that I got
a lot of this Stanton's 25 interior
exterior designers that are operating
from working
Russian tradition
now we and be honest the program is not
without this there are certain
challenges that are in place we believe
these challenges we live in hand
as engineering and development at
admission even Desmond relating discuss
the matter sellers discussion forum is
the integration of yourself automotive
ready I Autofac
place in second year this program has
been challenged to deliver
first-generation very quickly and
looking for its generations two and
three build upon
this very second magic
the speed of the program
challenges inspector was working a
vehicle and a battery suitcase and that
is something that
I'm assigning an exhilarating cities
will clarity shortly about the battery
developments the first battery pack that
would receive peaceful talk about
this coming in 16 kilowatt hours that's
a requirement pesos gamer as the point
now so without further doing
Denise share with you a little bit more
hours